Document blueprint input sections (#32769)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/schema.markdown

A blueprint can have as many inputs as you like.

### Blueprint input sections

One or more input sections can be added under the main `input` key. Each section visually groups the inputs in that section, 
allows an optional description, and optionally allows for collapsing those inputs. 

A section is differentiated from an input by the presence of an additional `input` key within that section. 

<div class='note warning'>

> Input sections are a new feature in version 20??.?.?. Set the `min_version` for the blueprint to at least this version if using input sections, otherwise the blueprint will generate errors on older versions. 

Author: TODO: Fill out version info before release.

> Input sections are a new feature in version 20??.?.?. Set the `min_version` for the blueprint to at least this version if using input sections, otherwise the blueprint will generate errors on older versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input sections are a new feature in version 2024.6. Set the `min_version` for the blueprint to at least this version if using input sections. Otherwise, the blueprint will generate errors on older versions. 
```
